[docs] Editing pass on clusters docs, removing legacy material and fixing style issues (#27816)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/vms/index.md

# Ray on Cloud VMs
(cloud-vm-index)=

## Overview

> In this section we cover how launch Ray clusters on Cloud VMs. Ray ships with built-in support
> for launching AWS and GCP clusters, and also has community integrations for Azure and Aliyun.
> Each Ray cluster consists of a head node pod and a collection of worker node pods. Optional
> autoscaling support allows the Ray cluster to be sized according to the
> requirements of your Ray workload, adding and removing worker nodes as needed. Ray supports
> clusters composed of multiple heterogenous compute nodes (including GPU nodes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we cover how to launch Ray clusters on Cloud VMs. Ray ships with built-in support
for launching AWS and GCP clusters, and also has community-maintained integrations for Azure and Aliyun.
Each Ray cluster consists of a head node and a collection of worker nodes. Optional
[autoscaling](vms-autoscaling) support allows the Ray cluster to be sized according to the
requirements of your Ray workload, adding and removing worker nodes as needed. Ray supports
clusters composed of multiple heterogenous compute nodes (including GPU nodes).
```

Concretely, you will learn how to:

- Set up and configure Ray in public clouds
- Deploy applications and monitor your cluster

## Learn More

> The Ray docs present all the information you need to start running Ray workloads on Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ray docs present all the information you need to start running Ray workloads on VMs.
```
